https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-24933 part 2 (#8413)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: secure_clusters/create_cluster_permission_ref.adoc

[#creating-cluster-permission-reference]
= Creating a cluster permission resource to reference subjects 

If you create a `ClusterPermission` resource to reference different subjects, you can work with different subjects at the same time instead of only working on one subject at a time. 

*Required access:* Cluster administrator

.Prerequisites

> - are there any prereqs for this?

Author: @fxiang1

Reviewer: Yes, the same prereq as above
<img width="815" height="539" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/ca9ac0c2-ef41-48bd-a98b-d15577eb1542" />

.Procedure

Complete the following steps to create a `ClusterPermission` resource that references different subjects such as users, groups, and service accounts:

. Create a `ClusterPermission` resource that references different subjects by running the following command:

+
[source,bash]
----
oc create -f <clusterpermission-users-groups-yaml-file>.yaml
----

. Run the following command to apply your `ClusterPermission` resource that references different subjects:

+
[source,bash]
----
oc apply -f <clusterpermission-users-groups-yaml-file>.yaml
----

+

> Your `ClusterPermission` resource might resemble the following YAML file with the specified `subjects` field: 

Reviewer 2: such as ___ for ___ and ___ for ___...

We have this large amount of YAML and we need to tell the user what to look for.

> Your `ClusterPermission` resource might resemble the following YAML file with the specified `subjects` field: 

Author: ```suggestion
Your `ClusterPermission` resource might resemble the following YAML file where the `subjects` specification is added for your `roleBindings` and `clusterRoleBinding` specification: 
```
